journalists are facing unprecedented
dangers Watchdogs
say as we're we're getting
[Applause]
into in Gaza media workers are under
siege oh my god did you hear
that oh my God
Israel's military offense began in
October more than 140 journalists have
been killed marking the strip one of the
most dangerous places for
reporters Palestinian journalists in
Gaza are exposed to the most horrific
attacks and live in the worst conditions
they sacrifice themselves and their
families for the sake of doing their job
and completing their mission to tell the
world about the truth on the ground
but the danger is not confined only to
war zones several countries have imposed
tighter laws and regulations governing
journalists in Georgia Mass protests are
taking place against the so-called
foreign influence bill which the
governing party says will strengthen
Independence but critics say it's
designed to crush descent and clamp down
on Independent Media
Outlets China's newly expanded State
Secrets law which previously applied
only to Military and diplomatic
activities
now covers work Secrets which many fear
is undefined and could impact the
reporting of all state
institutions some Western countries are
accused of surveilling
journalists in the UK two journalists in
Belfast say police set up a trap in
order to uncover their sources it's
deeply troubling when politicians I
suppose Donald Trump is the most famous
of them uh but the problem can be seen
in many countries demonize and undermine
journalists because it undermines trust
in all the information that we have and
it forces people into polarized
information bubbles journalists have
additional obstacles this year due to
the record number of Elections worldwide
in Togo foreign media were banned from
covering Monday's parliamentary
elections in India local media Outlets
are often pressured by the government
and Powerful business owners and many
foreign journalists have been denied
visas to cover the elections
in a year of increasing hostility there
are calls for better protection of
journalists who sometimes pay the
highest price to tell a
story Axel zovic Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer